# bio-it115-21
  My name is Selam Mengisteab, and I am a Former Financial Relationships Consultant at US BAnk in Roosevelt, WA. 
With 5 years of experience in banking and tellering. I specialized in offering retail banking products and services such including opening accounts, loans, credit cards and basic client Interactions and Engagement. While working in the bank industry, i learned to Empower the growth and development of branch staff to encourage proficiency and effectiveness through leveraging banking processes. This allowed for me to gain excellent skills and abilities to be able to work with people, and be able to deliver financial planning solutions for my clients. Workign with this industry really pushed my proficiency and accomplaishment in customer service alone with reaching cutomer banking and investement goals. 
  
   Something I am passionate about outside my work life is volunteering at non-profit organizations and helping at food banks as much as I can. I am an ambassador for Goodwill and whenever there are events that are built for nonprofit, I attend these events and build connections with people of every platform. Doing this, I have become very good at my communication and interaction skills, as I am constantly engaging with different clients and customers. I enjoy working with people and spending time with friends and family, as this always helps me get a new clear mindset. In addition to this, I also enjoy spending time with myself and my cat, as this allows me to rest my mind and focus on what I need to get done for the future. 

   This year I joined year up because I wanted to expand on my portfolio and connections to a professional level, as well as find success through education. 
ALong side with all the coding and app develpemnt classes i am taking, I want to push to become a wealth management analyst and project manager. I want to be abel to work with clients in the financial department or work to help companies with their financial needs. Besides having a solid financial background, taking year up will definetly enhance my skill set when it comes to being knowledgable and have expertise in IT. I will work hard to measure my goal by making sure i research and learn more about coding, business communication and connecting with people who have already branded themselves and have found sucess in their career.By the end of this journey, my goal is to grow and develop as a professional, by creating and building new leadership skills and competence for a successful career. 
